in particular. Situation that comes to mind when my team and I had a disagreement
on how to handle something was when I was on recruiting
duty. Um, I was working with a particular applicant who we thought were
is going to be ready to process. Ah, but that individual ended up
having some personal issues that kind of prevented them from getting
the maps on time for them to conduct the physical and then eventually
signed the contract and come into the delayed entry program. Um,
I had to explain to the rest of my team, including the supervisor
at the time that this individual just is not ready to go over there
because they're having some significant personal issues which I discussed
with them. Um, however, the team still felt that those were things
that we could work around that individual could still go on. The
day that we had decided so that they could come in and enjoy and be
marked off is ah, accounting contract. I kind of stood by what I needed
to do and protected that individual. Um, I got a lot of flak for
it over the following week, you know, after all, the stuff had subsided.
We were able to get that individual in the contract still counted
for for the month, which is what we're looking for. We had a particular
goal we had to achieve that month. Um, but, you know, we were
there arguing for quite a bit, and, um, I really had to stand my
ground on that and ended up being the right outcome.